---
layout: post
title: Joker
subtitle: A Living Emboidment of Character Dedication!
---

Marvel comics fuel the audiences hunger for satisfaction and awe with a bold contrastive display of a distant futuristic tech, narrating events/attacks altering a multiverse reality saved by an ocean of characters filled with postive aura . While DC is quite on the other side of the mirror. Characters with negative aura protesting against day to day third world country problems is what that has fortified its existence and established an enormous fanbase.

Marvel Cinematic reproduction of these novel characters was devastatingly rich and magnificent which lead to an onslaught of its competitor. Although Dark Knight left traces of  evidence of DC's existential legacy. With the onset of Tony Stark and his fellow Avengers,  Marvel multiverse kept attaining unimaginable heights and expectations that started questioning and tormenting DC's cinematic reproduction. 

The Tombstone of Superhero, Tony Stark in End Game possibly marks the end of an era ruled by the Marvel Cinematic Multiverse. A very strategical move to release a JOKER, Supervillain who personifies DC. 

The movie begins by pitching in the character of  Arthur Fleck. A mentally ill, impoverished stand-up comedian disregarded by society, whose lack of success causes him to become a nihilistic criminal. First half of the movie interestingly resonates, a realistic dark low life of this citizen of Gotham City. Joaquin's acting and dedication to the character is a visual treat, that would certainly leave a great scar on the memories of the audience. Upon establishing the character of Arthur Fleck, the movie just gets exponentially better every scene and keeps you glued to the screen until the End, though in my case, I was not satisfied that the movie should have ended here. Joaquins acting will leave you wanting for more even after the movie ends.
